and welcome back to a fresh episode of
business growth show I'm your host Sam
Dunning co-owner ever at webchoiceuk.com
and if you haven't done so yet check out
my weekly email or I share actual
website and marketing tips useful
podcasts free goodies and more to kick
off your week with a bang each and every
Monday why not give it a shot over at
businessgrowth dot email
joining me today I've got Trevor Park
Travis a VP of marketing over at rent
Dynamics Trevor welcome to the show sir
how are you doing how you doing good
thanks yeah I'm excited to be here I
mean it's it's my first time going
International and this kind of stuff so
it's pretty awesome exciting awesome man
glad to have you and I am excited to
talk on this topic we're going to be
chatting how people can Prospect their
dream clients in B2B World it should be
useful especially with the economic
downturn that's hitting in the UK EU I
think you've got a bit of it in the ass
as well right yeah so
I want to teach marketers sellers
business owners whoever the heck's
tuning in or watching how they can find
their dream clients strike up those
conversations get those Zoom calls get
those phone calls flowing and ultimately
drive more revenue for their business so
as I like to do with our guest Trevor I
like to throw them in straight in the
deep end so what do you think is more
important right now for B2B
organizations do you think it's inbound
or do you think it's outbound that we're
going to talk about today
I think it's a super interesting
Concept in terms of like
outbound is a great resource for for
companies that are just now getting
established and just kind of getting
that foothold because they have to
do the cold calling they have to do the
just kind of broad Outreach but once the
company starts getting a little bit of a
foothold with a customer base and they
can start seeing their own data points I
think that shift has to go into inbound
and it has to be focused around the
customer and driving that that that
conversation
as to how the customers are performing
with this tool
yeah it's I always think it's an
interesting one because if I look back
at my own self Journey like when I
started at web choice and when I started
at other marketing companies I worked
for I always pick the phone up first
yeah but that was mainly because they
were cash strapped bootstrap companies
so they didn't have an injection of
funding they didn't have a load of cash
to spend whether that was other sales
reps as well as me or whether that was
on marketing ads whatever you name it so
I didn't really have a choice so it
wasn't like um we've got these leads
coming it was more like Sam if you don't
generate some sales opportunities you're
going to be on your ass so yeah
that was kind of my and then from there
we kind of ramped that Revenue once we
got those meetings once we've got deals
over the line and we had recurring
Revenue then we could look at inbound
um and then we built up the agency on
that basis but a lot of tech companies I
see Trevor still follow um Aaron Ross's
predictable Revenue model so having the
you know the sdrs calling or emailing or
social selling and generating those
those first conversation was prospects
and then sending those through to
account execs and whatever their their
sales cycle looks like
um but I I almost wonder like if that's
if that should be as heavy as it is
because there's still a lot of tech
companies I speak to especially in the
B2B space they're almost hesitant to
look at inbound and because they believe
outbound is so so strong right now
um I mean what what are your thoughts on
that side of things
well so I I think inbounds still like
outbound still has its place because of
the fact that there's always going to be
blind spots in your strategy there's
just there's no way to not have
a couple gaps where you're just not
looking from a buyer Persona perspective
of like this is this is our Target buyer
this is the people that are constantly
buying but then again there's this
little pocket out there that's just not
being reached out to by anybody because
they don't fit in anybody's buyer
Persona necessarily but they're looking
to buy and I think that's where the sdrs
come into play of like picking up that
phone call and learning a little bit
about that like the the underdog of the
buyer Persona and being able to better
understand what that looks like and then
they're the ones that are closing that
piece but I think it's a good like
balance between the two being able to
have that really solid inbound strategy
established but having some sort of
outbound still happening
yeah yeah I think I think both both have
always got their place like even as an
inbound marketer and someone that puts
solo episodes on their show all the time
about the benefits of SEO and your
website and making it your best sales
rep and talking about demand what I like
about outbound is the fact that you can
reach out to people before they're even
thinking about your thing or your
service or the problem you fix so that's
what I appreciate about it
um not only that but it takes balls to
cold call someone
um in the c-suite
calling definitely does and yeah it
makes them almost think about your
solution before you can position it
through through ads and if you do
inbound and outbound together they can
work really nicely together that we've
talked about so yeah and I think I think
a good inbound strategy
is having some sort of
broad approach to where you're promoting
what your product is doing and having
success in and if you are varied enough
in your demographic for your LinkedIn
ads or your Google ads or whatever
that'll help with the outbound a little
bit as well and it'll still pull people
in that might not necessarily be part of
that key demographic but they're part of
that Outer Circle and that's where you
can kind of start pulling those in as
well good stuff good stuff well yeah
let's let's not beat around the bush
anymore I know you've got a almost a
framework that you can share with us
Trevor right from identifying kind of
Target clients and Target Persona right
through to personalization and the
actual Outreach itself so I'd love to
know what you believe are some of the
core fundamentals or the foundation
rather that should be some of the first
things you consider when you are
prospecting in a B2B environment what
are some of the first steps
I think the the biggest and most crucial
piece is finding out what that that
buyer Persona is so I've I've been lucky
enough to both build marketing teams
from scratch but then also join
marketing teams half in and
it's been a very common thing to be able
to like have to find out like who's the
one that's actually going to be buying
this product and who's the one that's
actually interested in it so building
that Persona is really important
um to to kind of kick off any sort of
prospecting because you don't want to
waste your time on people that's not
wanting to buy
yeah yeah yeah so making sure you're
actually reaching out to people that are
going to be relevant and I guess guess
have a problem that you you can fix
um and are going to be beneficial to
your organization are there any tips
that you recommend when it comes to
actually putting that strategy together
anything that you recommend people do
all right
I start with our customer success team
first and foremost because like sales
sales are they're going to talk to
everybody they're going to be able to to
get anybody to buy
anything and so I think like when you
have a good sales team like they're
going to be able to convince anybody all
that stuff but the ones that you really
want to focus on or who's the one that's
continuing to buy your product and who's
the one that's going to be
like retained and so that's where like
the Cs team really comes in there like
your account management team and they're
the ones of like here's our most adopted
user Persona and how do we work that
back into the decision maker and so like
sometimes the product that we sell
isn't actually being used by the person
that's signing the contract it's being
used by a couple tiers down but so like
having that understanding of who that
that user is and then working it through
and being like okay so that user reports
into this person but that person doesn't
have decisioning power so let's go one
tier up and find that person that will
actually sign the contract that's kind
of where I start is working with our CS
team
got it
so actually understanding who are the
ones that are using your product
um and is it a case of looking for are
there certain things or patterns that
you should look for I.E these this
demographic in this industry
um of this company size uh kind of the
most high ticket or high value customers
that we have and they seem to be our
most frequent and regular customer or
any other things that you recommend
people do
I usually start so we we start by
looking at like who's logging in the
most and who's actually using the tool
and identifying what those roles are and
so we can kind of see based off of
frequency of our tool use of
like in our case we're in multi-family
real estate and so we have leasing
agents using our tools we have property
managers using our tools we have asset
managers using our tools and then
Executives and so we can see based off a
frequency that leasing agents are using
our CRM more frequently than anybody
else right and
so we identify that leasing agents are
like one of our key demographics of
people that want to use our tool and
then we see that like asset managers are
only using a subset of our tool which is
like more of the reporting aspect of
things and so we we've identified that
piece and so we can kind of break those
out into the personas based off of their
use cases and then we go into like their
roles and then
in terms of like location and stuff we
we really don't Target based off of like
a certain geography or anything but it's
definitely role-based for us in terms of
what their role is and how they have
that decisioning power yeah yeah yeah
understood understood
um and is how much depth do we need to
go to in your opinion Trevor in terms of
actually this person or are there like
who did different job titles name
um age demographics these kind of things
do they need to be super complex or can
we keep them relatively high level I
think high level works great for like
that initial piece and then when you
start shifting into like the ABM mode
that's when you can start doing the
sleuthing and I I go cyber stalking deep
I like I'll look at their LinkedIn I'll
look at their Facebook I'll look at
their Instagram but that's when you're
really trying to personalize to say hey
I saw you were at the Mariners game last
week and wanted to to see what you
thought of the the game like
what were your thoughts and like that's
where you can like tailor those things a
little bit more but that's where it
takes a that three steps further to to
personalize yeah and I suppose it
depends on a few things I if you're in
mid-market and perhaps selling something
that's maybe a couple Grand or something
like that or a few grand a month or
maybe a few hundred a month then the
level of personalization might be
different so if you're selling an
Enterprise product that's Millions a
year yeah um and it's a much slower
cycle than your approach is going to
have to be a lot more detailed I would
imagine than
um and something slight slightly lower
ticket have you got any tips Trevor for
this works great if you've already got a
customer base and you can delve into
those details that you shared with your
customer support customer service and
customer success team
what about if you're a newer company and
you've got less data to troll through
um and you're building out your persona
or any any tips or ideas around that
copy I one of the things that I've
always struggled with when I was first
coming in
is a lot of the companies that I worked
on didn't really have like established
data points and didn't have a clear
picture as to like how their product was
benefiting their customer base that like
as small as it was and so it really
allowed us to be like okay what's the
vertical that we're in who's doing it
really really well right how do we
leverage the data points that they're
providing resources on
to enhance what our product does and
then provide key differentiators of like
okay so we're looking at this product
versus this product and they're the ones
providing the data points so let's
reference those data points but then
also talk about how this product doesn't
solve the need the way that we do and so
we can still kind of use those data
points in our benefit even though it's
referencing like a bigger fish in the
field
yeah yeah so looking at who your
competitors are targeting I'm trying to
trying to go after that demographic okay
got it so once you've put together these
this information we've got an idea of
who we're wanting to Target
where do you then take this data and how
do we what what is the next step what do
we do with this
next steps content building right so you
you have your research Done Right build
the content so identify who you're going
to be reaching out to
what's the tactic that you want to take
with that and then how's how's the
content going to get in there in their
hands and so we build out white papers
you can build out just even simple like
my favorite thing right now and I've
actually been like drawing this up in
like my little cheat sheet that I'll
show you I'm like this is what I'm going
to be doing with our content strategy
you build out long form and then it's
just you take it to the Chop Shop and
splice and dice it 17 different ways and
so you take that one long form blog
article and then you turn it into a
newsletter you turn it into uh blurbs
for your sequencing you turn it into a
white paper a podcast a vlog all of
these different elements and then you
can start spreading it out
through all the different channels and
targeting those personas specifically
in the ways that they like to receive
media so I think that's the first
approach that I take yeah yeah yeah yeah
we can dive into that in a bit more
depth
um in a sec but yeah do you think that
prospects need to see a piece of content
before our sales team reaches out to
them
I
I think there needs to be some sort of
give before the ask and so if a
salesperson is reaching out
they need to do it from a place of being
a resource versus being a
a drain I guess and like our cro talks
about this as well as like give give
give give give give one more time and
then ask and if we can continue to drive
that piece forward it will really make
sure that the
Target person is not
completely worn out by the time that
you're actually having that ask because
so many people are asking that one
person who's that this decision maker in
the company
for everything
and so if you're actually saying hey I
have this really piece of like this
really good piece of content that's
topical to your Market it's relevant to
your role
I just want to give it to you be a
resource for you let me know if you have
any questions you wait a couple weeks
couple like a month you follow back up
with them be like hey just following up
what'd you think of the piece of content
and usually that starts driving up
conversation because you have some sort
of relevant piece coming in
and then you just start keeping that
conversation flowing and then by the
time it feels natural it's like hey have
you heard of our products by the way we
actually are solving a couple of the
needs that you brought up in the last
week or so
okay okay
um so in terms of the content that we're
sharing with these this target personas
that we've built out you alluded to some
just now say kind of white papers yeah
um
is there like a strategy recommend I.E
do we put out one do we build one piece
of pillar content and spit split that
into two other bits and pieces I
podcasts or video clips or
smaller guides or whatever or is there
like a different strategy that you
recommend or that you think works really
well
no I think the first piece like I I
would say based off of your team size
like my my current team we're a team of
three
um we have a field marketing specialist
that handles all of our events and we
have a marketing intern that
is kind of like our our generalist but
we're shifting him into more of like a
b2c role okay and
so that opens up like like there's not a
lot of people right now that are helping
with the content side of things which
we're hiring for and so current state
it's like what's what's the capacity
that we have to not only continue to
drive revenue and focus on customer
facing materials but also building those
materials and so the long-form strategy
where you create one piece of content
that can be spliced and diced
I think that works the best because you
are building it once and you have all of
these resources at your disposal after
that fact and so it just it keeps seeing
like relevant content
even though you've built it one time and
you don't have to use it all at once
when you build it you can take a chunk
wait a few months and then maybe that
other chunk is going to be relevant for
this person later and so you can use it
whenever you need to
yeah yeah that makes sense if you can
chop it up and repurpose it as many
times as possible that's going to be
especially effective if you've got a
small content and marketing team which
many businesses do so that's super
useful
what should we actually this this first
piece of content that we might then
split up into a bunch of other things
what do you think is important that goes
into that are there any like best
practices are you this this should
definitely be in there
uh reference links so when you're
building out your SEO strategy having
link backs to other articles will also
help improve the relevancy so it's going
to improve your SEO there
um solid data points so the more data
that you can actually flood into that
the more likeliness is that like as you
build your SEO people are going to start
using that article as reference
um
I
and I'm kind of torn on this piece like
I I was thinking back to like like how
recipes do their blogs
and I love when a recipe not only has
written form but it also has like a
video component to it so if you can do
like a 15 second or 30 second recap of
this big article that you're going to
read that only gets your face in front
of people but it also creates that other
like way of learning
and so that's the kind of like approach
that I want to start taking on those
pieces where it's like you have two
different mediums in one platform so
having the ability to either listen to
it or watch it or read it I think we'll
yeah draw that content further
good yes you're giving people different
options like however they want to
consume the content that you put out to
get the message across
um and in terms of getting this let's
say we've put this together in terms of
getting it in front of these Target
prospects that we want to do business
with what are some ways some effective
ways that we can do that
I mean List building is a great one so
if you start a newsletter and you get
people to start to subscribe to your
content I think that's perfect
um they're actually engaging and opting
in to receive information from you
um
targeted ads is a great way to start
building that as well I think Google is
is fine for just kind of broad approach
but if you start digging into like
LinkedIn like most of our Target demo is
on LinkedIn in some capacity
that's a great opportunity for us to get
in their content top of mind and then
they have the in mail so you can do
actual like
email delivery to their LinkedIn message
and
you can kind of hit them on multiple
fronts for being in their feed being on
their Banner being in their inbox
um
and then it like there's I mean
we we participate in a lot of
conferences and a lot of like Regional
shows that give us the the guest lists
and that also helps with relevant like
targeting because those people are
conferences that we know that we also
want to be at and so that also helps
there yeah yeah yeah yeah okay gotcha so
in terms of different forms of content
it sounds like and then getting that in
front of people whether it isn't on
LinkedIn or whether it is via email or
some other means they can take a browse
through through what we've got to offer
learn a bit more
um
at what stage or how do we know when our
team should reach out to someone is
there like a certain step in the process
or a trigger event or anything like that
or anything we should look out for
um
any sort of Engagement like we we kind
of classify different levels of
Engagement and that's kind of the
importance at which our sales team
should engage with them right so if
let's say they open an email
that might not necessarily be an
indicator that they're actively engaged
in the content but if they open three of
your emails that should be a trigger for
your sales team to reach out or your SDR
to just pick up the phone and call to be
like hey I saw that you read our emails
three times but you didn't click what
can we do to get that click sort of
thing
um obviously if they click on the
contents and they drive in we send those
straight to sales to be like hey they're
actually engaging with the content and
looking at stuff and there's not a huge
bounce rate from these so here you go
um and then obviously we we include like
schedule a demo
give us a call buttons on most of our
content and so if they click on one of
those it's instant conversion goes
straight to the sales team as well
yeah yeah yeah so looking for different
events that can basically give your
sales team a a way to to start a
conversation with those prospects
yeah
do you think there's any instance where
if a prospect ignores the content
um or just doesn't read it or doesn't
click through on it or whatever the
action is depending on whether it's a
video an email
um something on LinkedIn or elsewhere
the sales team can still reach out or do
you think they should the prospect
should always make some kind of
Engagement
I would say it depends on the
the prospect in terms of how important
you feel like they are to your business
like if like let's say the president is
your Target demographic it's going to be
very hard to get in front of him
but there are ways to get in front of
them so I would say like doing what you
can to actually get yourself in front of
the White House picked up by a security
so your face is now known to the
president like that's a great way to
like get in front of them
um I'm not recommending doing that
probably I don't want to get flagged but
I would say like doing whatever you can
to get in that that front of that Target
is is necessary if they are a key part
of your business and you really want
them on there it's finding out who they
know and getting them to have that
person also give a referral for you or
it's finding Mutual customers that if
you guys are both working on the b2c
side getting up in front of there or
working from the bottom up and like
let's say you find somebody that's like
entry level in that company and you want
to get to the president have that entry
level person introduce you to their boss
and then build a relationship there have
that person introduce them to their boss
and work your way up the chain as well
there's a lot of different ways that you
can work it and I think it's just a
matter of how important that Target is
to you sure sure things so
once we have let's say we've got we've
got these trigger events we're reaching
out
um
is there a optimal channel that you
recommend that your sales team reach out
on initially is there like a process for
example your company follows and
I know you also wanted to talk about how
we can personalize the Outreach as well
so be interested to know if there's like
a I.E Step One is cool or step one is
LinkedIn message or is does it have to
be like that or is it very um dependent
I think it's dependent so like one of
the things that I've been getting more
and more frustrated with is people
sending me connection requests on
LinkedIn right I've never met before and
if you like even when you send like the
little message of like hey I'm just
messaging you because I feel like we
have a relevant like we have an
overlapping LinkedIn Network
um that's great but like tell me why we
should connect if and like it's happened
a few times where I'm like oh this
person is somebody that I think would be
awesome to like connect with and they
have relevant information but then the
first thing that they say to me after I
accept the connection is hey can I sell
you my product and I don't think that's
the right approach I think figuring out
a way that like
like I really love
engaging on content
on LinkedIn that my target is also
engaging with so if they're commenting
on a thread I jump in on that thread or
I even like tag them in that comments
and like builds that dialogue and then I
I keep that going for a few days for you
a few weeks and like I just start seeing
where there's overlap and then my name
starts building relevance and so then
I'll hit them with an in like an email
to say hey
saw that you and I were like overlapping
on some some cool conversations I'd love
to see if we can
have it in real time
um what's your schedule look like and
then that's a great way to like build
that and then I don't sell it like
that's the great thing about marketing
is I don't have to sell it just build
awareness of the brand and I build
awareness of what our company does but
then also the resources that we have
available for our customers I think that
really helps yeah I think that's a great
strategy it's not a it's not a quick one
is it it's more of a slow burner oh yeah
yeah and I pretty much do the same on
LinkedIn most days really like says
Target prospects and their engagement
content are putting out content I'll try
and put some half useful relevant
Insight on their their posts or whatever
their video or their image or the
written post of the day and like you say
try and keep yourself top of mind and
yeah and then when you feel you've added
a little bit of value or Insight then DM
them or send them a voice note and
strike up a conversation so I definitely
think that's got its place
um for like a slow burner for just for
starting conversations in the B2B world
but
just to challenge you a little bit quick
yeah no not necessary but what I'm
saying getting at really is a lot of
sales team especially I mean they're
under a lot of pressure from management
or whoever runs the the outbound team to
start x amount of conversations per day
or or make x amount of meetings for
their account execs or whoever they
report to
um are there any other ideas I mean
that's that's one great topic anyway of
ways that they yeah we we're big fans of
Outreach
um that's been a big one that we've been
using from a sequencing standpoint and
being able to like create these series
of cadences that
don't let up off the gas it's more so
okay you hit him with an email you hit
him with an email you hit him with a
LinkedIn message you hit him with a
LinkedIn comment you pick up the phone
you hit him with another email and you
have those cadences and you can start to
see the effectiveness of how quick those
work
those are extremely effective for just
basically like knocking on the door
until they answer and
you're doing it in a way that's not
bullish it's doing it in a way that's
like we're still providing you with like
relevant resources we're just doing it
at a faster Pace in a higher Cadence
that
at some point you're going to see it or
you're going to unsubscribe and my my
favorite number to see when I'm doing
stuff like that is our unsubscribe rate
going up because you know that those are
people that you don't want to engage
with and so it's like yeah
unsubscribes great you don't want to be
the ones that we want to engage with
because our content's not relevant to
you and we know our content's good
because it's converting top of funnel
yeah so we know that it's going to
continue to drive business where it
needs to and the people that are
unsubscribing
those are those are ones that they don't
they don't want to listen to us or hear
from us so we just know that it's better
to not waste our time there
when it comes to sequencing with email
and Outreach
um I'll give you an example a little
probably a few months ago I signed up
for a webinar
that I don't think I actually got around
to watching it it probably was quite
useless it was something to do I think
there was go to market strategies and a
few other bits and pieces but for some
reason I didn't attend anyway the
Outreach that I got after was
pretty basic at best it was pretty much
Sam thanks for going to the webinar did
you want to book a demo and then a
couple days later Sam so you didn't book
a demo yet did you still want to book a
demo then maybe five days later so I'm
curious what were your thoughts on
booking a demos like this is the most
unoriginal email sequence like there's
there's zero they haven't told me a
problem that I might have they haven't
tried to share something useful with me
they haven't pointed to me resources
they've literally just said do you want
a demo for like I don't know two or
three weeks straight
um and I think in the end I just got
annoyed and clicked unsubscribe but yeah
are there any ways that we can spice up
our email Outreach sequences to people
that have engaging content so it's not
quite as poor as what I've just shared
there I would say it needs to be event
based through sequence so when you're
building these sequences think about
like what's the the originating point
that gets them into that flow and like
in your case the webinar like you missed
the webinar they can tell like if
they're using the right tools they can
tell that you didn't attend the webinar
yeah so if you don't attend the webinar
some of the things that you can just
deduce from that is he might be too busy
how do we talk about how our tool saves
that person time in the next email be
like hey I see that you were you were
caught up and you weren't able to attend
the webinar one of the things that we
really love about our product is it
actually frees up some time for you so
maybe next time if you're using this
product it can also help save you time
so that you can attend the webinar next
or if it's something where
uh like it just even attending a
conference it's like hey I saw that you
were at the conference having that
sequence talk about the like one of the
first sessions just look at the session
list add that into the piece of content
you don't even have to be there but you
can just assume what the topic was about
and have that baked into that first
piece of like oh my gosh I loved hearing
about like lizzo talking about the music
industry and that was a great great
point that she made it such and such
what did you think and like that's a
great way to like tie it into relevancy
as to why they're actually even in that
list of yeah your sequels yeah yeah and
do you think I think you kind of talked
about it just now that if people want to
subscribed then you can tell they're not
a good fit for for what you provide but
do you think we should just keep
emailing them until we get a response or
an answer or is it like
you have a certain framework I.E we're
going to send two weeks for full of
useful relevant tips and resources and
value and then on the start of week
three we're going to say look would you
like to book a meeting or do you think
this is not a fit for for what we do or
is is that something that people can
companies can follow
I think it's it's where you
you keep those going as long as you can
so meaning like until they unsubscribe
but you change up the tactic after a
certain point so you have like you you
pile Drive in the first
chunk of that where it's it's very high
Cadence very very high frequency and
then you start weaning those off and
then start mixing in just your general
product emails and add them to you just
general newsletters of like here's
recent product updates and so they're
going to just start seeing brand content
that's relevant it has resources in
there but then you can start shifting
them out of your sales cycle and move
them in to just do General marketing
cycle
so that your sales team isn't having to
worry about them and then it shifts into
just a full marketing tactic where they
just start seeing relevant content as it
moves through yeah and then if they
engage with it throw them right back
into the sequence like if they open they
click you can start to see those those
trigger points and then just throw them
back in but like as things die off just
knowing where that like this is a dead
lead and we need to re-qualify them
again and having that structure I think
is really helpful because then at any
point they re-engage then maybe they're
interested again and they just didn't
have time before sure yeah I've got it
makes sense and do you think the phone
should be used as a tool during any of
these things that we've talked about or
do you think the phone should only be
involved once uh Prospect has expressed
more interest than they've done so
already
I I'm torn on this this is where it's
like I know the phone is a very useful
tool because
I I come from a background where it's
like you answer the phone if it's
calling like regardless of who's calling
we have caller ID now you pick up the
phone if you don't recognize a number
and it's like hey this is Trevor how can
I help you
um because you just don't know who's
like actually on the other end and then
you end up with a spammer I'm like ah
I I can't do like I I don't want to
talk to you right now like send me an
email but I think it's a great way to
bring people top of mind
when they're inundated with emails they
see spam
but it also is a really cool indicator
as if your prospect is picking up the
phone and then hearing from you and
they're like yeah just drop me an email
clearly your subject lines need work
because that wasn't enough to engage
them to actually go into your content
deeper
and so that's a great way to like
if they're picking up a phone for you
they clearly are wanting to engage with
content
you just need to figure out how to
improve the relevance of that content
for them to pick it up in the email form
and I think email is a great way to go I
think I think phones just it's so
it's almost it's almost a little too
aggressive in my mind if like if I if I
get a phone call from somebody I've
never heard from or that like never
heard about
it kind of jars me a little bit of like
how did you get this number but at the
same time like if you do it in a really
thoughtful way I think there's a there's
a good approach to doing it in a
balanced way yeah I mean you're you're a
VP of marketing so I imagine you get the
odd code cool right oh God
yeah I actually right before this call I
got when it was 4 30.
um and the like I had two missed calls
like one was from a Seattle ZIP code and
then the other one was from a Kansas ZIP
code but they were in weird Cadence
right next to each other and the Kansas
one's the one that left a voicemail
I'm like it is it is too early even in
Kansas to like to be calling me and so
it's just like those those are the ones
where it's just like clearly they're not
thinking about
the the person on the other end of like
what time zone are they in what
what kind of business are they running
like most of my stuff like I I love
picking up the phone because I get
random calls for people it's like hey I
just have a quick question for you and I
might not have their cell or they might
be calling me from an office line that I
just didn't have and so like I I want to
just make sure I'm a resource but at the
same time like if you're picking me up
and like Colin that's that's tough
because I'm like oh I don't I just don't
have time to talk on the phone right now
to you
yeah I suppose it's each I suppose each
each Prospect is going to be a bit
different right in terms of the channel
that they actually want to be
communicated with so I think what you've
laid out here is quite a nice
multi-channel approach of using content
as the first piece and then growing from
there once you get some kind of trigger
event as to as to reaching out
um so yeah I think you've laid out quite
a nice quite a nice way to follow with
content as the first Port of cool are
there any other points Trevor that we've
not touched on that you think is
important for anyone to to pick up on
before you wrap things up
I mean I'm a big fan of doing events now
like I I I've always been a big fan of
events but I I feel like as we're kind
of getting out of this
isolation mode and we're getting more
into like the people actually want to
have face time
um
that's been I think just a super awesome
way to get really
localized focus and so our sales team is
just amazing with being able to go to
different markets set up a happy hour
get get 50 people in a room to talk
about similar topics and just learn from
each other and you're building these
relationships and so just finding more
ways to build those relationships in a
thoughtful way because
the virtual Zoom calls it tough like we
we've done everything from having like a
virtual cooking class to a Paint and Sip
to
um we did a for like virtual Fitness
classes in the mornings like we've done
we've done a lot of different varieties
of sounds like you've done every every
virtual class going almost sounds fun
kids yeah my all-time favorite though is
is we did a tequila tasting class and so
this company that we work with sent uh
like six different bottles of tequila
like in small form and
they like they were all different types
and different like
uh Brands and whatnot and so we did like
these different tastings we found which
ones we liked the most and then based
off of the one that we liked the most
they had a cocktail recipe available for
you that you would like learn how to
make that cocktail
and it was just it was so much fun
because like you learned about the
history of it and then you learned how
to actually make it and serve it so that
kind of stuff was really engaging
because every Prospect got a box and
like a really personalized branded box
yeah so it was really thoughtful but
we're at a point now where like people
just don't want to be on zooms anymore
and It's just tough to keep those like
that that level of Engagement that you
need yeah yeah in-person events seems to
be back with a bang I know a lot of SAS
tech software events are kicking off big
style
um I'm quite Keen to book some in-person
speaking events myself just because like
you say we've just been sat on our ass
for so long staring at the screen it's
like yeah I'm I'm ready for a bit of
movement now let's let's mix up and get
out our comfort zones and see see what
our audience are hanging out so Trevor
with that thank you very much for coming
on sir and sharing your thoughts around
prospecting dream clients much
appreciated please do share more about
how everyone tuning in can learn from
you connect with you and anywhere you
want to send our audience yeah
linkedin's probably going to be the best
way to connect with me
um you can just find me at uh Trevor
Park on LinkedIn so slash I think it's
Charter C part perhaps and then
um
slowly getting back into Twitter so
don't judge me on that one I've been
kind of isolating myself from a lot of
social media as I'm building up stuff
but then you can also check out our
company around Dynamics
um you'll find us on LinkedIn Twitter
Facebook Instagram our websites
rentdynamics.com we have a lot of
different products in the multi-family
space so yeah take take a look
nice one sir I'll put one of those links
in the show notes over at business
growth dot marketing and with that
thanks once again Trevor appreciate it
cheers dude and as always if you enjoyed
today's episode a quick rating on your
podcast Channel or subscribe on YouTube
goes a really long way and we really
appreciate it and with that we'll catch
you on the next episode for more
actionable B2 marketing tips and
insights to grow your business and grow
your Revenue cheers for tuning in